feat(images): document image release import (#56)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: howto/manage/images.md

    amc image delete default --version=1

## Use a specific release of an image

With every new Anbox Cloud release, updated images are published. By default, the latest image release is pulled by AMS, but you can request a
specific release with the following syntax:

    amc image add <local image name> <remote image name>@<release>

For instance, to fetch the arm64 Android 11 image of the 1.11.2 release:

    amc image foobar bionic:android11:arm64@1.11.2

> You can now use the `foobar` image as you would with any other image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then use the `foobar` image in the same way as any other image.
```

> You can then use the `foobar` image as you would with any other image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then use the `foobar` image as you would any other image.
```
or
```suggestion
You can then use the `foobar` image in the same way as any other image.
```
"Use with" doesn't work. ;)

[note type="information" status="Tip"]

> Image updates contain important security patches and optimizations. Use older images only when strictly necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Image updates contain important security patches and optimisations. Use older images only when strictly necessary.
```
